Update Send-MsmqQueue.md (#1506)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2012r2-ps/msmq/Send-MsmqQueue.md

## PARAMETERS

### -AcknowledgeType

> Specifies the type of acknowledgements supported by Messaging Queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the types of acknowledgment message that Message Queuing returns to one or more remote queues
```

> Specifies the type of acknowledgements supported by Messaging Queue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the type of acknowledgment message that Message Queuing returns to one or more remote queues.
```
